wallet-rpc: add suggestion to check describe_transfer when signing (#323)
monero-project/monero-docs: docs/en/rpc-library/wallet-rpc.md

Sign a transaction created on a read-only wallet (in cold-signing process)

!!! warning "Confirm transaction details before signing"

    Call `describe_transfer` with this unsigned_txset and verify the returned transaction details before signing.

>     `sign_transfer` does not prompt for confirmation or enforce destination policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `sign_transfer` signs the provided transaction data as-is, without prompting for confirmation.
```

Author: Done, thanks
